DUBAI
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
Damn.
Crown is there. He knows it.
Exit. Ya.
Pull.
Let you go out.
No way. sir.
Listen to me. You are in danger.
Without hesitation.
Clear.
Shit.
Crown is rising. You have little time left.
Whitaker!
Come on.
ON WAITING
DOWNLOADING FILES
That's it!
Are you listening?
Fuck.
Sorry. Nigel.
CONNECTION HAS BEEN LOST
JACK RYAN BY TOM CLANCY
COVERT WAR
NEW YORK CITY
Hello.
Sorry. Permission.
Are you kidding?
I knew you would choose a bookstore.
- And a restaurant. You will have seen it.
- Yes.
You are deputy director of the CIA.
Couldn't you call?
- What fun would that be?
- You owe me a coffee.
That's done.
I'm glad to see you.
Yes. I say the same.
I have reported that I have been kidnapped.
Thank you.
What time is your flight?
In four hours.
So this is Wall Street.
Technically. it's Broadway...
What is your building?
The tall one.
Is this when you ask me
Do I like my new job?
Do you like it?
You left the CIA for a good civilian job.
I wanted to know how you were doing.
Yes. Do you like your new position?
It's shit.
Do you see it? We think the same.
dedicating myself to that
I couldn't have a normal life.
A normal life? Did you want that?
You said it yourself: in civilian clothes.
White or black.
I don't know if it was done
for half measures.
Have you seen her again?
No. Not since Christmas.
Already. I'm sorry.
No problem.
We try to make it work.
You can't ask for more.
Cathy is doing what she should.
And you?
I?
I haven't been that long
outside the agency to forget
that you are a mess.
Liantes? What's up?
You said it: it was tried.
Yes. And all this...
...it will never be enough for you.
Good argument.
But whatever it is. I'm not going to do it.
I don't ask you to come back.
just meet a guy.
No.
Jack. you're going to Dubai.
He is there. He will come to you.
- It's just a delivery.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Okay. A delivery of what?
Information. Surveillance.
Which one of the two?
- Fuck. Jack. He is a friend.
- Would he do the same for you?
No way. Nigel is the spy
most paranoid I know.
- I'm more of a good guy.
- I already believe it.
What is it about?
An internal management.
An old joint operation with MI6.
MI6?
Are you watching one of his or ours?
A little of both.
Well. it does look bad.
Wow. not wanting to know anything about this.
you ask a lot of questions.
Because I know what will happen if they catch me
running errands for you.
Nobody is going to find out.
- Really?
- Yes.
You seem very confident.
Do you think I'm capable of sending you there alone?
Will you send reinforcements?
Host. How long.
- So you want me to be killed.
- Don't go overboard either.
Is this the kind of genius
What do you hire now at the agency?
- I try to be at your level.
- External collaborator.
Oysters.
We will always have Dubrovnik. right?
- Call me when you're done.
- Yes.
Where are you going?
Welcome back.
That I'm not going to do it.
Don't do that.
You disappoint me.
It's good. huh?
- Look.
- I already have a ticket.
First class. I improved the category.
You never change.
It's sick.
Are you going to invoice?
Yes. It's a short trip.
I only carry hand luggage.
Everything in order.
Hello.
Can I download it? I had a terrible time.
Don't tell me.
God...
I knew I would call you.
- Greer says you're going to see a guy.
- Nothing of that.
You know it's never just that.
He told you it's not that big of a deal.
The guy will come to you.
Yeah? We are on a plane.
We go first. yes.
but then he will come. You get it.
No. I don't get it.
And why don't you take care of it?
- I'll make sure they don't follow you.
- Why would they do it?
Because it's never just going to see a guy.
Already. That's what I said.
How cute.
Emirati intelligence
He won't blow your cover.
It's not a cover. It's my life.
- I am vice president of a...
- Keep talking to make me fall asleep.
Would you like champagne?
Is it an angel?
It's my first time in first class.
Well. nothing is noticeable.
- Thank you.
- That's not for you.
- Come on. man...
- They don't give two drinks.
One per person.
Just one.
Health.
The Jakarta Stock Exchange
not only has he recovered:
is stronger than ever.
Dr. Ryan. do you want to add anything?
Jack?
No.
I don't want to be
the only pessimist in the room.
We will agree
in which the new regime
has strengthened the market.
Of course.
But we should ask ourselves why.
Because the new regime
it has also restored old standards.
And. lately. it has become more and more interesting
ignore
the political implications of something
to focus on economics.
what i want to say
is that. according to my experience.
the minds that want to recover the past
they usually bring with them
a lot of volatility.
- I think it went well.
- You're being too nice.
You fear for your job.
And you should.
because sincerity is not valued.
You're not used to it
so that the world does not hang by a thread.
Have you made a spy joke?
- Yes.
- You were already late.
Ya...
And don't criticize nuclear threats
without having tried them.
They are successful.
SLJ has reserved a table
for the team at Shiro's.
What is Shiro's?
A luxury restaurant
like the ones that appear in documentaries.
- Yeah?
- Yes.
My mother.
Well...
I don't know if I'll be able to tonight.
- I don't usually complain...
- Are you going to use the jet lag excuse?
With you? Never.
With you I use the global threat.
See you tomorrow.
I hope so.
- Let's go see a guy.
- It's never just that.
We have talked about it.
And this is what I was referring to.
Let's see. what do you have to give me?
- Don't know.
- That?
And what are you doing here? Really.
Emirati intelligence
He is not following me.
Greer wants me to take charge
that everything goes well.
That makes me more nervous.
Look. you're doing Greer a favor.
and he makes one for me.
And so?
I need the money.
Didn't you have houses all over the world?
Do you remember when I took
to a trafficker to a party
- to use it as bait?
- Yes.
- It has been leaked.
- Already.
Well. I'll leave you now.
Hello. Dinner and show.
You don't just go see a guy.
- How do I contact you...?
- I'm sorry.
It will be possible...
The earpiece.
I missed this.
The fact that?
This.
Being on the ground as a team.
Don't look at me directly.
You're going to give us away.
Touch your earpiece while you're at it.
Sorry.
Thank you.
- There's our man.
- I see it.
Hello.
Thank you.
- Walk.
- OK.
Where are you going. man?
Who are you? What are you doing here?
Don't worry. Greer sent me.
Greer had to come.
One moment.
Who are you?
- I am a messenger.
- Yeah?
Do you have it?
If I have what?
What do you think this is?
- What has he told you?
- That you would bring a package
and that you were a friend.
"A friend."
Did he tell you that?
Jack! Someone is following you!
Fuck. You are one of them.
Wait.
- Wait.
- Where the hell is Greer?
I have come. OK?
He sent me for some reason.
And which one do you think it is?
He will want me to help you.
Help me?
Fuck.
He is the one who needs help.
High!
Shit.
Your friend sent you
because he is afraid.
And it does well.
Jack.
Jump ship!
Put your fucking hands up.
Lift them up!
Fuck.
What are you doing. man? Hey!
Who the hell are you?
-Jack?
- Come on.
Jack!
- It will take something.
- We must go.
Go up.
Fuck.
You would be dead by now.
Start up.
Start. damn!
CIA HEADQUARTERS
LANGLEY
Damn. Jack.
Yeah?
- Do you know anything?
- Not yet.
- What's that?
- For you.
It had been misplaced.
It will be because the deputy director
You don't usually receive regular mail.
Keep trying.
Yes sir.
Greer.
I'm glad to hear your voice.
How do you have this number?
Come on. Jim...
I have friends everywhere.
You told me.
All calls are recorded here.
It wouldn't be funny if not.
Find your boy
and tell him to give me back
what Nigel stole from me.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Jim. if he's still alive.
It's just because we both know
that shouldn't be there.
This call is courtesy.
Nigel tried to stop us.
Don't make the same mistake.
-Listen to me...
- Find your boy. Or I will.
MI6 SAFE FLOOR
If I tell you the truth.
I thought it would be busted
after the trip.
but I'm doing great.
Be quiet.
Come on. man...
Greer told me it would be easy.
The same as you.
In your new job they say:
"The guy is still a spy. How cool."
- Know? It can happen.
- No.
That never happens.
This has indeed happened.
Sit down.
Who was it?
We will find out
when the police examine the body.
To your little friend. Mike November.
They are looking for him in Dubrovnik.
people look for it
That you could return the favor.
I can send him there in an hour.
And you. Jack Ryan.
I'm sure you're going to tell me that you're a civilian.
- Because I am.
- Very good.
Better for Emirati intelligence.
You are a suspect in a double homicide.
Oh really? It was you who shot.
From what angle?
you heard the shot
and you saw me appear on the opposite side.
Come on...
I thought you were smarter.
If you think you know me.
You will know that I have friends.
The one in this photo?
The one who has put your life in danger
instead of yours?
And the one who killed a man in Karachi.
Has he told you that story?
I heard that Greer stabbed
to an asset that was going to kill him.
but they demoted him
and they transferred him to Langley.
Have you heard another version?
- I don't think so.
- I imagined it.
This...
...is the man Greer killed.
I don't see any stab wounds.
The stabbings are scandalous.
but a good torture
It's pretty clean.
Are you telling me that James Greer
tortured and killed this man?
Not personally.
but he trained those who did.
What do you know about Starling?
-Starling?
- Yes.
I think it's a bird.
Because of your expression.
I see he hasn't told you anything.
Greer and Nigel were chosen
to form a joint operation
days after 9/11.
A covert unit
created out of pure rage.
Your rules. or lack thereof.
They reflected that feeling.
They accumulated many deaths
the first days of the war.
but then the advice
and committees became fashionable
and. in Karachi. James Greer carried
with the blame for the entire program
without revealing names.
Names like Nigel.
Like Crown. Liam Crown.
- Did Greer mention it?
- No.
Nothing?
Last night I just had to pick up
a delivery from Nigel.
but he didn't give me anything.
I had nothing.
Last night was a meeting.
If Nigel knew something.
he would have only told Greer.
So. I don't know what I can contribute.
Answers.
I wanted them from Nigel.
Now I want them from Greer.
You've proven that I don't work for Greer.
You are absolutely right.
If you don't want things
things continue to go badly for you in Dubai.
works for me.
Are you really going to make me go alone?
You don't need me
to dazzle some politicians.
Jack.
God. What the hell is happening?
RAF ALCONBURY
CAMBRIDGESHIRE. UNITED KINGDOM
Wait.
Emma.
Andrew.
Won't you introduce me to your new friends?
- I don't know if I would call them...
- You're right.
Let's see if I don't have to arrest you
before we get intimate.
Come on?
Where the hell were you?
In Dubai.
I thought it was clear.
Sorry if it was difficult for you to locate me.
And shit.
You have worked with Nigel
behind our backs.
On the contrary.
Nigel didn't know I was following him.
Did you doubt his intentions?
Not his intentions.
Of your safety.
Marlow. we face
to an international incident.
He was a decorated agent.
And he won't be the last dead.
What do you know about his murderer?
- How do you know we have something?
- Because. if not. I would be handcuffed.
You need me to analyze it.
All this.
And this analysis depends
of the two Americans behind?
From one of them.
Nigel was due to meet
with Deputy Chief Greer on that boat.
Now that he is dead. Greer is
the only one who has information about Starling.
What the hell is Starling?
Ask Greer.
Do you expect me to get information from him?
to the deputy director of the CIA?
No.
Not you.
MI6 HEADQUARTERS
LONDON
Marlow. will you accompany
Dr. Ryan to the boardroom
to see the deputy director?
Here.
And you. Mr. November?
Okay. Is the coffee good?
Listen. I know how you feel.
- You have no idea.
- But remember:
Without Greer we have nothing.
Jack. listen.
I'm sorry for what happened.
I think you know me and...
From what I've heard.
It's clear that I don't know you at all.
Has Agent Marlow informed you?
About what? Starling?
No. Just like you. Nigel kept it from him.
To protect her.
And me?
Didn't you tell me shit
of what was happening there
to protect me too?
What was she doing in Dubai?
I'd be worried about Nigel.
That's where I get lost.
Why would I be worried?
I received it 24 hours ago.
Who are they?
Mark Whitaker and Tobias Wilks.
Fuck. I know Whitaker. he was...
Former CIA agent.
Wilks of MI6.
How do you know that?
- Nigel was in charge of both.
- Starling closed.
- That's how it is. I closed it.
- When?
Of course. just before we met.
When you were demoted
for stabbing a guy.
Is that what happened?
I told you I closed it.
two years ago.
Wilks went to Nigel when he recruited him
a secret military contractor.
Let's see if I guess: Crown.
One year later.
when Wilks realized
where did it come from...
On a black ops team
designed for psychological warfare.
murder
and arm and train terrorist groups
to eliminate others.
breaking the rules
and ignoring the consequences?
When he realized.
Wilks contacted a former agent.
Nigel must have been
the most popular in the class.
Nigel contacted me
to let me know that Crown
Starling had been resurrected.
Of what they did. Of what they had done.
He knew he couldn't
stop Crown right away.
- so he did the only thing he could.
- That?
- Keep an eye on them.
- Until Crown found out.
I didn't know it.
- That was when you sent me. right?
- I didn't know.
- To a civilian.
To Dubai.
When they discovered two agents.
When they were killed...
- No...
- ...for cleaning up the mess...
- Grow up. damn it!
- ...that you left 20 years ago!
Civil. my balls!
Don't come to me with that fucking suit
acting as a stockbroker
with everything you've seen and done.
It is a shame for you and your country.
- Is that what it's about?
- What do you think?
Get away from the darkness
It is not the same as approaching the light.
So save the moralistic lecture.
- I don't give sermons.
- Of course.
You have it written on your forehead.
It was the first thing I have seen
as soon as you entered.
The answers slip away from you.
You've only come to read me the fucking primer.
20 years ago
There was nothing but darkness.
For every minute we lost
With the paperwork. a monster escaped.
Starling was born out of common sense. dammit.
If you are attacked. the rules change.
And what do they exist for?
With every blow.
With every death. we save lives!
What had a price? Clear.
It had a price.
And only in a period of peace.
achieved at that price.
You can pretend you didn't have it.
Do you think so?
I'm not aware of that price?
I pay for it myself.
Every night I come back
to an empty house. with no one.
and every day that I wake up
and I see that dream
that I was charged with defending
maybe it doesn't even exist!
Well muster up the fucking courage
to defend it as well.
Because there are people killing monsters
so you don't have to.
They keep the doors closed by hand.
Smart. dangerous people.
And if you tell them that their sacrifice
has not met your expectations.
that they are the monsters.
maybe some will regret it.
but others will show you what happens
when the doors open wide.
What differentiates you from him?
Don't know.
Maybe nothing.
Or maybe you.
You and your fucking moral compass.
You and your unwavering conviction
about what is right and what is wrong.
Maybe I'm envious of you.
Or maybe I'm wrong.
But in the middle lies the truth.
And if you don't know how to accept
what that truth implies.
I guess...
...yes you're just a fucking analyst.
Let's get started.
Doctor Ryan. I understand
who no longer works for the CIA.
I understood that too.
And now?
He is a collaborator.
Understood.
Doctor Ryan. Agent Marlow
He assures that he did not recover anything
during his meeting with Nigel Cooke.
That's how it is.
Already.
Well. thanks to the cooperation
of SIGINT in Dubai.
we have discovered a hard drive
of Nigel's murderer. Yusef Bajwa.
Information for Deputy Chief Greer.
It was damaged.
but Claudia has recovered something.
Claudia?
As Deputy Director Spear says.
was damaged by water.
but we have been able to discover the following.
What's that?
They are images
of the Karakoram mountain range.
east of Kabul.
spreads
to northern Pakistan and China.
However. the annex...
- Is that London?
- Yes sir.
The other file appears to be
from a more recent operation.
Includes photographs. coded diagrams
and bank statements.
The last transaction?
A retreat.
It was four days ago
at an ATM on the corner of Middlesex
with Harrow Place.
Aldgate.
How do you possibly know that?
Because I know this plan.
I stopped him. 20 years ago.
The coup was masterminded by the PMN.
a radicalized military group
which we accessed with Starling.
With what objective?
Blow up Tower Bridge.
CIA HEADQUARTERS
MANAGEMENT OFFICE
- Greer?
- Elizabeth. we have a problem.
- What is it about?
- You must come to London.
Good. Thank you all.
I recommend that they close the bridge
immediately.
Excuse me. Based on what?
Incomplete information
about a blow that has already stopped?
Nigel has died because of this.
He knew I would understand.
And what does it mean?
That they have resurrected Starling.
Who has resurrected him?
Liam Crown.
Liam Crown?
The national hero. decorated
- with the Victoria Cross?
- We were going to get to that.
I'd say we're already there!
Tell me what you know about Crown.
Elizabeth. for your protection...
In case you forgot.
It's not me who needs protection.
I met Crown and Nigel
on the way to Karachi.
We followed the trail
of the Pakistani Militant Nexus.
The PMN planned attacks all over the world.
- but his main objective was London.
- Come on.
Our methods were brutal.
Sometimes we only took poison out of them.
A confession led us
to the richest neighborhood in Karachi.
Crown managed to capture
to a living PMN member:
the deputy chief of staff
of the Pakistani Army.
My job was to interrogate him.
What he told us
He led us to a safe house in Aldgate.
COINCIDENCE
We stopped the attack
three hours before it happened.
FIXED COORDINATES
And the one you questioned?
He suffered a heart attack
while we got the information out of him.
And they blamed you.
Yes.
Is that when Starling closed?
We believed that.
Nigel discovered that Crown was still in charge
of Starling operations.
God. So that?
Crown is the kind of soldier who thinks
that we can never protect ourselves
with politics and diplomacy.
And after 9/11.
learned that the only way
to change things
It's doing what no one else wants to do.
And why expose ourselves?
Because now he feels betrayed.
We try to put an end to it.
It's a message.
He wants us to know what he is going to do
just what we taught him.
And what is it?
Whatever it takes.
I hope it's worth it.
Nigel risked everything by going there alone
to achieve this.
Emma. I'm so sorry...
Were you serious about what you said?
What did I say?
That the dream you defended
maybe it doesn't even exist.
God...
I didn't know that MI6 was tapping into their rooms.
That would be unethical.
I put it in your jacket.
When?
A lady does not reveal her secrets.
Nigel was sold.
I had to make sure
that Greer did not work with Crown.
Discover more things about you...
...has been a plus.
You don't make it easy for me to trust you.
I make it impossible for you.
Unless our loyalties coincide.
And what do my dreams matter to you?
They look familiar to me.
Are you watching this
or is that camera shit?
Good. Don't lose it.
Yes.
As usual.
Welcome. colonel.
Or. rather. director.
You've come a long way from CENTCOM.
Yes. and you too.
But I miss him every day.
I'm glad to see you.
Elizabeth.
Thanks for coming.
I know that the circumstances...
You did your job. James.
Don't apologize.
And for you? Always.
Come on.
Green light!
Get inside.
- Boss.
- Director.
Thank you for receiving us so quickly.
Of course.
- Deputy Director Greer.
- Boss.
This way. please.
Fuck!
Come on!
- Armed police!
- Come on!
Armed police!
I don't know about you.
But. even with experience.
it's hard for me to express
the weight of these situations.
Fast!
That a person can have
such an immovable perspective
who believes that in the world
only darkness remains...
...and come to the conclusion
that there is no more light left to fight for.
Damn.
We have the suspect.
Well. we have to bring it here now.
Don't you think?
We trust that our soldiers
with a spear
pierce the darkness.
As a soldier. this man...
...is the tip of that spear.
And as a mentor.
my guarantor of hope.
Say.
Jack. what do you have?
Just what you said.
The only thing missing is a model of the bridge.
There are explosives to blow up the foundations.
I shit the bitch.
Have you talked to him?
He's saying it's not his.
Those assholes never learn.
He is a messenger.
He was paid to accept a package.
- Did someone send you the equipment?
- And shit.
The scientist is recording this.
It is impossible for him to act alone.
Maybe what he says is bullshit.
but everything fits.
The meeting is over.
I'm taking Wright to the embassy.
I'm going to go with him.
Is it Jack?
If it's him. you're not going to take me
nowhere.
The information is good. but it doesn't add up.
And why leave it sold?
Do they leave him alone with so much material?
It doesn't make sense.
Come on. Jack.
I'm risking more than my neck.
- Come in and get me something.
- Holy shit.
That?
"Sold."
- Where are you?
- Why? What's happening?
God...
What if Crown has set us up?
What if it has made us look away?
Look away from what?
Of you.
Elizabeth!
Greer!
- It has fallen.
- That?
Greer is down!
Shit.
Agent 20JL here.
We head southwest.
towards Leadenhall.
Estimated time: less than ten minutes.
Roger. Agent Marlow.
Obtaining coordinates.
Get out of the way! Get out of the way. damn it!
Come on. answer.
Shit.
Come on!
- Chase towards Horse Guards.
- Turn left.
Go through the tunnel. Come on!
Do you have the key?
Jack!
Son of a bitch.
Remove.
Crown!
Turn around!
Fuck!
Are you OK?
Look at me. Are you OK? Are you hurt?
He has died.
Who?
Wright.
He has died.
They cover us. The local is on the way.
- We must take him.
- For.
He is the acting director of the CIA
and they try to kill him.
It has to disappear. Above.
- We must go. Come on!
- Come on.
Fast!
High.
Put it down.
Yes. sir.
I understand.
Thank you. sir.
When do they want you to come back?
If you think I'm going to leave
after what he's done...
You couldn't do anything.
You know that. right?
You couldn't know it.
She was the light.
In the dark.
she was the light.
It was.
I'm ready.
Whenever you want.
We can't trust anyone.
neither inside nor outside.
If you are wondering what we are doing here
or why I invited this man...
I wonder both.
Colonel Jones. At your service.
This is Abingdon.
an old Bomber Command base
of the RAF. now closed
and used as a training track
for helicopter pilots.
I grew up with the colonel.
I still sweep my parents' entrance
and it has been declared to me twice.
- Three.
- It doesn't matter.
We need someone
coordinate operations.
is not informed
and has left
only to staff you trust.
It is not a foolproof plan.
but something is something.
Thank you. colonel.
After today.
It is clear that Crown
He planned it from the beginning.
He placed the hard drive in Bajwa.
I knew that the Emiratis
they would share it with MI6
and that you would recognize the PMN plan.
He also knew how MI6 would respond.
I knew about the meeting and where it would be.
He knew everything because he planned it.
How do we find it?
-Who shot us in the cathedral?
- Two bodies have been identified.
And they were not from the PMN.
Not even close.
They had ties to a group
Russian paramilitary called Otomstits.
It was formed in the 80s.
but it was removed in the mid-2000s.
Starling.
Fuck.
Crown is reactivating terrorist groups.
No.
It is reactivating terrorist groups
that Starling dismantled.
What do you want?
- Demonstrate something.
- Prove something?
Demonstrate something key.
What. if not
for shows like Starling.
These terrorist groups could attack
anywhere and anytime. like today.
Because that's what happens
when you leave the doors open.
That's why Nigel was in Dubai.
to kill Crown.
No. he was in Dubai for me.
What was your objective?
had infiltrated
in the Crown operation
to get information
and that we could stop it.
I was trying to warn you.
Given what happened today.
I'd say Crown was trying to kill you.
I wish I had done it.
Well. you know what?
Now you're the director of the fucking CIA.
Let's see where that son of a bitch is coming from.
You are the director of the CIA.
It's more than I planned.
- That?
- Wright got into the car and changed plans.
He saw an opportunity.
You said it yourself:
our agency was going to arrest him.
But what if another director released him?
- He knows I would kill him.
- No.
I would have a plan against that.
Sorry to interrupt. We have a problem.
He says it's for James Greer.
How the hell did he find us?
Review it.
Clean!
UBER EATS
DISTRIBUTION
YOU ARE NOT THE FIRST
GREAT TRAITOR OF NORTH AMERICA
I know where it is.
Stay tuned.
It will appear.
I see it.
What do you want?
Know? As they say.
They brought land from Virginia
so that your virtuous hero
never set foot on British soil again.
It's incredible what is done for honor.
Well. or for appearances.
Please...
You know what happens when you take that out.
Today there will be no heroic deeds.
Neither on your part nor on that of the trafficker
of weapons of that queue.
Fuck.
Not even on the part of the child prodigy.
which is there with Blonde Ambition.
Sincerely. Jim.
I have my doubts about him.
What do you want?
You know what I want:
know what you know.
You knew Nigel had betrayed us.
He gathered information to expose us.
I knew that our dog
He had gotten off the fucking leash.
You were going to use that information.
against my men.
Your men.
Who fought your covert wars
to keep your country safe.
You just have to take down one man.
Do you think you are the one who should do it?
Because it's up to you
Whom the ghosts haunt.
Son of a bitch.
Stay still!
Without hesitation.
Do you remember?
What do you want?
May you go home.
May you continue the great work
that you started years ago.
before the change of power.
Before to your country
You will suddenly feel remorse.
We maintained world balance.
I want you to give my men. your men.
the opportunity to do it again.
and you can start
giving me back what Nigel stole from me.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Jim. the longer we wait.
more people will die.
I don't have anything.
God...
He doesn't have it.
I have it.
Wow. look.
Give it back to me. please.
Do you really believe
What would I wear something like that?
Don't tell me you gave it to MI6.
With what happened to Nigel?
How could I trust MI6?
Your boy is going to be worth it in the end.
You didn't know?
Marvelous.
Where is?
I left him in Dubai.
Okay. then to Dubai.
Where do you want me to take it?
I think today it has become very clear:
I will find you.
What the hell was he talking about?
Did Nigel give you something?
and you haven't told me?
- No. I lied.
- That?
I have gained time.
I promise you it didn't give me
nothing more than this.
Review it. There is nothing.
- There will be something.
- Crown has said he saw it with his eyes.
That's why Nigel gave it to me.
If you thought he was going to give me something.
Crown too.
Nigel gave me that because he knew
that Crown was watching us.
So what are we looking for?
When Nigel's agents were killed
Was there any transmission?
Any communication?
- No idea.
- Shit.
- I wasn't aware.
- There had to be.
The rush to find me.
the death of those men...
The good thing is that we have
24 hours to find it.
Depending on how far they went.
They could access anything:
files. plans. finances...
Whatever it was.
I would leave it to someone I trusted.
Can you sneak us into his MI6 office?
MI6?
How could he trust them?
Damn. thank goodness.
- Hello. Arthur.
- I was worried.
Alright. He is traveling. Don't worry.
He? I don't give a damn about your father.
If I am in a situation without living
It's for the 400 pounds he owes me.
That's why I came. to pay your bill.
Do you have the key?
Okay. Tell him we miss him.
I will do that.
So this is what awaits me.
Doesn't anyone know about this apartment?
No.
Except his daughter. of course.
When you can't get close. fake it.
What a fabric.
Does that thing still work?
It predates the internet.
No search engines.
Very clever.
Yes. So don't make fun.
- That?
- I kept photos.
And I saw them blur.
I have always thought
What if I knew someone...
...I would have to keep it
as far as possible from this world.
And how has it been for you?
Very well thank you. And you?
Equal.
I'm sure they're together now.
Well he has been lucky.
Not her.
Nothing. No emails or messages.
And the last opened files
They are from a week before Dubai.
- Any open website? Programs. chats?
- No.
Chats?
Do you still use AOL?
Maybe.
- Do you mind if...?
- Forward.
Luck. If your apartment seems like a disaster to you.
wait until you see his album.
My mother.
It wouldn't make sense.
Sending something would be too risky.
It would be visible to everyone.
Why would it be risky
What if no one knows it's here?
God!
What's that?
Hey. I'll keep using AOL.
but even I have stopped using Torrents.
And aren't you ashamed to say that out loud?
- "Torrents"?
- Yes. Both things.
- Didn't you go to uni?
- No.
- They are like a music website.
- Thank you.
- For downloads. Like Napster.
- I get it.
You play chess online.
Who's making fun now?
It's not that. It is any website that has...
With an external server.
PROCESSES
What a bastard.
Damn. you were right. Nothing went up.
I monitored the live broadcasts.
From where?
Hello!
- No. don't answer like that.
- Jack.
Hey. I need your help.
I want you to trace
the origin of a network connection.
I'm sending it to you.
Okay. Good.
- You are now a civilian.
- Yes.
And you swore a long oath
and detailed to protect civilians. me.
so that's your job.
That is if they don't fire me.
- How do you say?
- Nothing.
I would like Madonna.
Okay. I'm ready.
"The Blonde Ambition."
Jack?
In Trafalgar Square.
Crown called you "Blonde Ambition."
He's been here.
Are you sure no one else
Do you know about this floor?
Yes.
Not even Spear?
Our options are terrible.
If we do not find the information.
They will attack again.
What if we find her?
The director of the CIA
negotiates with a terrorist.
The president wouldn't be very happy.
The third option is to kill him.
It's the only way to stop this.
Mike. I appreciate you being here.
but you don't have to.
I already know.
It's curious.
You and Jack are always arguing
about what is right and wrong.
You refuse to accept fucking reality.
I assumed it a long time ago.
What reality?
That the three of us are
the only family we will have.
When you understand that.
You know just where you should be.
The wife. precisely.
Hello. Do you have anything?
Of course. Wait.
We already have another option.
Jack. Where the hell are you?
With Ryan. following a lead.
A clue? What kind of track?
He said he could decipher
the record that Nigel gave him.
so I brought it to the Flagon.
- Do you know him?
- Your apartment. yes. AND?
Was there something there?
No. Nothing useful.
I didn't have a hard drive. It was a server.
A server? What server?
You said you needed Nigel to give you
information to take down Crown.
What if he found the origin
of the entire Crown operation
and I was going to transmit it
that night from Dubai?
Dubai...
Crown stopped him before he did it.
God. And what plan do you have?
Try again.
Good. Here we go.
This is not going to work.
You don't attract attention.
- They leave.
- Who?
Greer and November. They return home.
And Ryan?
He has not attended the meeting point.
Has he already gone to retrieve the package?
We would know.
Follow Greer.
Okay...
Were you expecting an escort?
No. it's just the first surprise today.
Well it won't be the last.
They will arrive in less than 20 minutes.
Roger. sir.
By the way. you're still on duty.
Do you mean today
or are you talking about something permanent?
Depending on how today turns out.
Okay. Brilliant.
I don't even look like him.
Ryan and Marlow on the move.
Say "potato."
No.
Okay. Today is going to be a very long day.
501st SUPPORT SQUADRON
US AIR FORCE
Friends. some instructions
about security.
- Come on now.
- These are FAA regulations. man.
Are we ready?
It would take us a long time
answer that question. but...
- The plane.
- Fuck. of course.
Good. Well let's go.
James.
Boss. Thanks for taking me home.
It doesn't matter. I have refueled it myself.
If there's anything else I can do. let me know.
He has already done more than enough.
And. director...
I'm looking forward
work with you again.
Tell me.
We are all. We leave for the party.
We synchronize.
Are you ready?
We are on the way. The team will go there.
What team?
I have asked you a favor
to Emirati intelligence.
Have you gone crazy?
We cannot operate in Dubai.
We are not going to operate.
We go as an escort.
That?
They have contacted
with fucking Emirati intelligence.
It won't do them much good.
I hope so.
Agent Marlow.
I'm Jamal Ali.
Thank you for accepting the call.
It's an honor.
I worked closely with his mentor...
I was very saddened by the news.
I'm sure he would appreciate it.
So they need transportation.
Please. the Bentley.
That would get us out of traffic.
Unfortunately. that one is reserved.
Here.
- Hello. mom.
- Hello. honey. Where are we going?
Okay. Let's see...
The modem output ping
came from 24.0606.
Is that the length?
are you reading me
longitude and latitude?
Sorry.
Let's see.
You have to go to Dubai Marina.
Yes.
Great. Let's see where they go.
I pass what the SIGINT says.
I want satellite images of Dubai. Already.
Is that why there is no crime here?
No. There is no crime
because we never have to use them.
And so?
By the eye in the sky.
Dubai is one of the cities
with the most technology in the world.
We see you commit the crime
almost before you do it.
That calms me down.
It really calms me down.
We are descending. There's little left.
Can I bring you something?
No. thanks.
CIA DIRECTOR
Keep this.
How many will there be?
It will be a localized security team.
So five or ten?
Clear.
Let's say yes.
Mister.
They will be bastards.
- I thank you very much for your help.
- I wish we could do more.
We are prohibited from attending
in foreign intelligence operations.
Unless it's an incident
of national security.
Well. we are going to cause an incident.
Yes.
Yes. sir.
Okay. here we go.
This is serious.
We are hearing you.
Sorry.
You breathe.
Thank you.
To the left!
- Move!
- To the left what?
Holy shit.
Four up!
Runs!
The glass!
Clear!
Shit.
My fault.
It's already clear.
Okay. last stop.
Where are we going?
Hallway. to the right.
See you later.
Without hesitation.
Separate!
It seems that the signal
It comes from upstairs.
To the stairs.
I give you a race.
Okay. where?
The network where the signal comes from
It's on that floor.
Shit.
- That?
- An armored door.
SERVER ROOM
You're welcome.
Come on. gentlemen.
Mike. sorry to bother you.
but where are you?
Looking for the back door.
I prefer not to know
What do you mean by that?
Move away.
All yours. Napster.
You're never going to forgive me. are you?
Okay. Patrick. time to work your magic.
Yes.
It would access the port
behind the server rack.
I see it. Okay.
Well. that's it.
I'm going to connect you to the server...
...now.
DOWNLOADING FILES
Is it reaching you?
Yes.
What am I seeing?
It's your entire network.
Emma.
Ryan!
Jack?
How much is left?
45%.
I'm not telling you.
How much is left?
We are on the way.
What now. Jack?
Come on.
Patrick. how much longer?
It's almost there.
-Mike?
- I'm on it.
Whenever you want.
Very good. Jack.
You had to pick up a package.
And now you have it.
Grenade!
Patrick!
That's it!
All over the fucking back door!
Yeah!
We must go.
Okay.
Peaceful.
You said we should go.
Peaceful. You'll be fine. Let me see.
Move. Peaceful.
You breathe.
Breathe.
Okay.
- Peaceful.
- Hey. Jack.
Peaceful. It's no big deal.
I'll be right back.
Have we given it?
Are you really willing
to die for this?
Because of Greer?
Brother. I tell you
that you can't trust him.
It will leave you stranded.
Is this all?
Have a glorious death?
Was that the plan?
No.
Phantom One in destiny.
It was this one.
Pop it.
I'll start by saying
I'm not proud of what I've done.
Pride should not interfere
in state affairs.
But. in part.
We must make the nation proud.
defend our ideal identity
current and future.
At any price.
But if that ideal is based on lies.
our institutions
They begin to crumble.
and we become
most vulnerable to division
and even infiltration.
When I came home. I was devastated.
but I met someone
that helped me recover.
Have we given you?
I will always have faith in the light.
Faith in men and women
who hold the spears
and they have the value
to pierce the darkness.
I was wrong about you.
You have what it takes.
Forward.
Do it.
The tip of the spear.
I'll show you how.
Without hesitation.
His name is Jack Ryan.
and my recommendation. Mr. President.
is that he be appointed my deputy director.
Andrew.
Can we talk?
Know? You should leave it.
You too.
Are you OK?
I'm alive.
Do you remember when you said
that it was impossible to trust you?
Unless our loyalties coincide?
- Yes.
It's just that I was wondering
How could they match?
Our loyalties?
Yes.
Start smoking.
Are you OK?
Yeah.
But it pisses me off that you're always right.
Civil. my balls.
I'm fine.
Thanks for asking.
I already know.
- Are you nervous?
- That?
You seem a little nervous.
Why the hell would I be?
You're with me in this mess.
Thanks for coming.
For you?
Always.
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
BASED ON THE CHARACTERS CREATED BY
TOM CLANCY